Day five of running a marathon on every
continent in one week. Today is Europe.
This is the place I was most excited to
see when I heard we were going to race
here. Who knew the stairs to get off the
plane would be the hardest part?
>> Where to go?
>> And as we lined up for the race, the
entire [music] town of Altura, Portugal,
had come out to support.
>> And we have also present our mayor.
Please clap your hands for her.
>> [singing]
>> Everybody is hurting today.
But [music] these are the best weather
conditions we've had all week. So, while
our bodies were hurting, our spirits
were high. I'm 11 miles in. Weirdly,
I feel pretty good. I don't know how to
explain it. I shouldn't, but
I'm not going to question it. The
psychological advantage to this race is
knowing we are over halfway done with
the seven marathons. It feels so good to
keep going, knowing how far we've
already come.
>> Too bad for my haters.
I woke up today and I'm about to finish
my fifth marathon. This has been so
challenging, but I'm doing it. I'm
actually doing it. I'm actually doing
it.
>> This was the first time it felt like
things were actually going in our favor.
And personally, it was the most fun I
had all week.
>> Victory lap!
>> Yeah, Michelle!
Let's go!
>> I finished Portugal with my fastest time
of the week at 4 hours and 42 [music]
minutes. But we've still got two big
races left with the next one in the
hottest and most humid climate yet.
>> landed in Colombia. It's midnight and
our next race starts at 3:00 a.m.
>> Follow to see how that goes.